Raise an exception when a `nil` is passed as the first argument to `raise_error` (#1389)
rspec/rspec-expectations: Changelog.md

  (Phil Pirozhkov, #1285)
* Remove deprecated `match_regex` matcher. (Phil Pirozhkov, #1288)
* Remove deprecated `StartAndEndWith` matcher base class. (Phil Pirozhkov, #1288)

> * Raise an exception when a `nil` is passed as the first argument to `raise_error`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Raise `ArgumentError` when a `nil` is passed as the first argument to `raise_error`.
```
